72 'run Aers 01⁰ 'run nom( Aros'rLEs [enm. 11.

by the Talmudists to the whole meal. And I suspect that what
Beza affirms, is rather upon trust than upon proof: ‘It came in
eustom,' says he, ‘that their mutual ordinary food, even their
feasts, which they often made together, were understood under the
name of breaking of bread3’ which if true, Ι must ingenuously
aeknowlege my own ignorance3 but if not true, then brealrc'ny of
bread, both in this and the following 46th verse, cannot be under-
stood of ordinary food, but of the eucharist, which the Syriae in-
terpreter expresses in ter1ns3 and the parallel is that of eh. xx. 73
l Cor. x. 163³ But there is a synecdoche of the member in this
phrase, for a part of the Lord's supper is set down for the whole,
as the drinking of the cup, 1 Cor. xii. 13. 'But the breaking of
bread represents the bitter pains which Christ suffered upon the
cross, wherewith his body was as it were broken and bruised, for
such torments in scripture are called breakinys or fracture& Prov.
vi. 153 Isa. xxx. 263 xxxviii. 133 Dan. xi. 26, &c. Whence we
collect, that the ceremony of breaking the bread in the Lord's
supper is not a thing indifferent3 but whereas it tends to set
forth the end of the Lord's supper, it is altogether to be used
according to the example of Christ and his apostles. See Matt.
xxvi. 263 l Cor. x. 193 xi. 24. The English translation is less
approved by the learned Mede, who refers the Greek word κοινω-
νία, to the preceding word ἇποστολῶν, and translates it, “The
fellowship of the apostles.'’

43. And sear, &e. As if he had said, They that were not yet
eonverted by the preaching of the apostles stood amazed and
astonished at the novelty of the growing church, and the many
signs and wonders wherewith the apostles eorroborated the force
and energy of their sermons.

44. Am] all, &c. As much as to say, But all the believers joined
together in brotherly love, and couverted their estates which they
had in propriety to the common good of all.

45. Possessions, &c. That is, The rich sold what they had, to
supply the necessities of the poor. ‘⁶ They were Jews that did so,
and none but Jews that did so. Show me the like among the Genm
tiles when the gospelcame among them. Which of all St. Paul’s
Epistles gave any such precept, or intimates any such thing? But
as for the Jews, they who once believed in Christ, believed also
the woeful destruction of their own nation to be within a few
years after, and therefore they thought good, while there was yet

