VER. IL] LITERALLY EXPLAINED. 137

ness and blasphemy, which according to truth was foretold of the
destruction of the temple, and the ceasing for the most part of the
rites depending thereon. See Luke xix. 43, 44. David inveighs
against such witnesses in the person of Doeg, Ps. lii. 2—5‚
compared with 1 Sam. xxii. 9—13.

Blasplzemous words. That is, Base and reproachful.

Agyaz'nst tlzis lzoly place. That is, Against the temple of God.
Acts xxv. 83 Matt. xxvi. 61.

14. And shall chame the customs. That is, The legal ceremonias,
which typified Christ to come, and the gospel law.

15. Saw lais face as· it had been tlze face of αη anyel. That is,
they beheld his face full of reverent and serene gravity.

CHAPTER VII.

1. lee Myle priest. That is, the chief of the Sanhedrim.

Are these tlzz'nys so? As if he had said, Are these things true
which they say and witness against thee P

2. And lze said. Secing Stephen was accused, because that he,
moved by divine instinct and inspiration, had foretold the destruc-
tion of the temple, and the abolishing of the legal ceremonies,
that he might demonstrate and evince that there was no evil in
that, he, briefly running over all ancient history even to their
times, covertly intimateth, that the favour of God was restricted
to no place, not even to the temple or tabernacle 3 and also that
the Jews, if they did sufficiently lay to heart their own doings,
and those of their nation, had no reason to be offended at this
prediction.

Men, bretlzren, andsatlzers. If we may give credit to the famous
Salmasius ‘⁶ Stephen, who was a proselyte, calls the Jews brethren,
as being partaker of the same promises with them, an observer of
the same law, a worshipper of the sanie God. He calls them also
fathers, because proselytes, being their disciples from whom they
had the law, were accounted, as it were, their children, and they
as their fathers.” But the apostle Paul, who was not a proselyte,
but a Jew by nation, useth the same compellation to the Jews
below, ch. xxii. 1. It is more reasonable therefore to say, that

